Updates modules docs regarding versions (#3611)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/guidelines/components/modules.md

### Emission of versions

> The topic output qualifier is a new feature in Nextflow that provides a streamlined approach to collecting outputs from multiple processes across a pipeline. This feature is particularly useful for nf-core modules to collect version information from all tools used in a pipeline without the complex channel mixing logic that was previously required. Check the fastqc module for an example [here](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/0c47e4193ddde2c5edbc206b5420cbcbee5c9797/modules/nf-core/fastqc/main.nf#L16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topic output qualifier is a new feature in Nextflow that provides a streamlined approach to collecting outputs from multiple processes across a pipeline. This feature is particularly useful for nf-core modules to collect version information from all tools used in a pipeline without the complex channel mixing logic that was previously required. See the [fastqc module](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/0c47e4193ddde2c5edbc206b5420cbcbee5c9797/modules/nf-core/fastqc/main.nf#L16) as an example.
```

:::

For not yet converted modules, you will see a different approach for collectiong versions. Even though the approach is deprecated, we kept it below for reference.

> 

Author: I added the admonition but left at the same location. What do you think?
